1. Write a web page in which display using style sheets the 3D button push effect when the mouse is over it. Develop two versions of this effect.
14. Write a web page which should contain on a row several thumbnail images and above that row should contain a larger image. If the mouse is over a thumbnail image, the larger version of that image should appear above it.

10. Write a web page which contains a horizontal line in the middle of the page. The top side of the page should be colored with a red based gradient which should be fully transparent in the middle of the screen. The bottom side of the page should be colored with a blue based gradient which should be fully transparent in the middle of the screen.
23. Write a web page which contains a div with a blue background color located on the top left corner of the page. When the mouse is over it the div should move to the bottom right corner of the page. The div should not jump directly to the bottom right corner. During this transition, the background color of the div should transition from blue to full red.

11. Write a web page which contains a div which is colored with a gradient color that is fully transparent on the left and right sides and opaque in the center.
24. Write a web page which contains a div with a blue background color located on the top left corner of the page. When the mouse is over it the div should move to the bottom right corner of the page. The div should not jump directly to the bottom right corner. During this transition, the background color of the div should transition from blue to full red.

12. Write a web page with a squared box built using 4 lines (which are divs). Each line/div should be fully transparent at the edges (i.e. the corners of the box are transparent).
25. Write a web page which contains a ball (rounded shape, do not use an image for this) on top of the page. When the mouse is over the ball, it should drop to the bottom of the page and keep jumping continuously.

13. Write a web page with a squared box built using 4 lines (which are divs). Each line/div should be fully transparent in the middle and opaque at the edges.
26. Write a webpage which contains an horizontal line (an "hr" or "div" or something else) on top of the page. The color of the line is blue. The line starts descending on the bottom of the page (when the mouse is over it) and while descending the part of the web page above the line will start to be colored with a blue vertical gradient color. When the line reaches the bottom of the page, all the web page is colored with a vertical blue gradient.

14. Write a web page which shows 6 circles with the same center (i.e. the center of the screen), but increasing radiuses so that each circle contains the previous one and so on. Each circle should be colored (i.e. the inner part of the circle) with a different color.
27. Write a web page which should contains 4 divs in the center of the screen. All divs should have the same dimensions (width and height) and they should overlap (so that a single div is visible at a specific time). When the mouse gets over the divs from the center of the screen, all 4 divs shoud transition to the 4 corners of the screen.

2. Write a web page in which you should present a vertical bar graph (each bar should be displayed with a different collor and it shoud have a different value/hight). The graph should also have a horizontal line (OX) and a vertical line (OY).
15. Write a web page which should contain a rise-up horizontal menu (as oposed to a drop-down horizontal menu). The menu should be displayed in the bottom of the page and should contain at least 5 items (displayed horizontaly, side by side) and each item should contain at least 5 commands.

3. Write a web page which should contain in a table person images. The table should be formatted using a style sheet. When the mouse is over a person image a div containing information about that person should pop-up.
16. Write a web page which should contain a vertical menu. The menu should be displayed in the left side of the page and should contain at least 5 items (displayed vertically, one on top of each other) and each item should be expanded on the right side to a group of at least 5 commands.

4. Develop a web site using CSS in which you should use various text effects like: - text glowing (i.e. white ambiental light illuminating the text) - text shadowing - text on fire - underline effect for each letter of a word
17. Write a web page which contains a vertical menu that mimics the "windows start menu". The menu is vertical and each menu item can contain a sumbenu in the right side and each item from that submenu can also expand (when the mouse is over it) to a submenu on the right side and so on..

5. Write a web page which displays a number of images in a table. The table should be formatted using a style sheet. Also when the mouse is over an image, the image should increase opacity with a specific amount.
18. Write a web page which has on top of it a rainbow built using divs and gradient colors. The rainbow should be tilted with an angle (it should not be perfectly horizontal) and the width of the rainbow on the left side should be smaller than the width of the rainbow on the right side.

6. Write a web page which contains a table. This table should be formatted using a style sheet. When the mouse is over the table, the table should collapse to the table header. This collape operation should be done with transitions/animations.
19. Using divs and shadows write a web page which shows stairs in 3D.

7. Write a web page with a transparrent div in the center containing various text/information. The transparrent div should have round corners. When the mouse is over the div, the div should have right corners.
20. Write a web page which contains a menu with five text items stacked vertically, one on top of each other. In the beginning all text items are blurred. When the mouse is over an item, it grows larger and becomes clear (unblurred) so that it is emphasized with respect to the other items.

8. Write a web page which contains a div with a background image. When the mouse is over the div, the div should flip (turn over in 3D space; rotate around the OY axis in 3D).
21. Write a web page which contains 4 divs one inside each other (the first div contains inside it all the other 3 divs, the second div contains inside 2 divs, and the third div contains the smallest div inside it). Each div is colored (background color) with different colors. When the mouse is over the inner div (i.e. the smallest one), all divs should change their colors.

9. Write a web page which contains a div with a background image. When the mouse is over the div, the background image should change.
22. Write a web page which contains a div with a blue background color located on the top left corner of the page. When the mouse is over it the div should rotate and move to the right until it reaches the top right corner of the page. The div should not jump directly to the top right corner.
